Docs 10618 mule prop v4.3 cv (#1893)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/deploying-to-multiple-environments.adoc

. Set an environment variable to point to a specific development environment during application deployment.

> Consider externalizing other aspects of your configuration, like time-out values, polling frequencies, etc. Even if they don't vary between environments. This configuration facilitates tuning and experimenting as the whole Mule application becomes configurable through a single properties file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider externalizing other aspects of your configuration, like time-out values, polling frequencies, and so on. Even if these configurations don't vary between environments, ??(incomplete sentence). (or was there supposed to be a comma here??) This configuration facilitates tuning and experimenting when? (as is ambiguous here) the Mule application becomes fully configurable through a single properties file.
```

link:./_attachments/multiple-envs-example.jar[Download Example Studio Application]

> == Considerations when Using Environment Properties

Reviewer: Do we need a lead-in sentence here after the heading?

* Use a consistent naming strategy for your properties files and make them unique across applications.
+

> This practice ensures that files are easy to re-use across teams. A good strategy is to add the application name or ID to the properties file names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This practice ensures that files are easy to re-use across teams. A good strategy is to add the application name or application ID?? to the properties file names.
```

> * If you are deploying multiple applications through a xref:shared-resources.adoc[Shared Resources] structure, do not set anything in the properties files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are deploying multiple applications through a xref:shared-resources.adoc[shared resources] structure, do not set anything in the properties files.
```

+

> Doing this can cause conflicts between the various apps that share a domain. Instead, you can set environment variables over the scope of the deployed app, its domain and other apps under that domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so can cause conflicts between the various apps that share a domain. Instead, you can set environment variables that spans the scope of the deployed app, its domain, and other apps under that domain.
```

Reviewer: Sorry span..

+

> In Studio, you can create environment variables through the *Environment* tab of the *Run Configurations* menu, reachable via the dropdown menu next to the Play button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Studio, you can create environment variables using the *Environment* tab of the *Run Configurations* menu. You can access the Environment tab from the drop-down menu next(left or right..for accessibility) to the *Play* button.
```

== Basic Architecture of an Environment Property Configuration

> Review the following Mule configuration fragment that defines the global property `env`, a dynamic configuration properties file based on the `env` property, and an HTTP connector with variable configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the following Mule configuration fragment that defines the global property `env`, a dynamic configuration properties file based on the `env` property, and an HTTP connector with variable configuration:
--Very confusing and long sentence..needs clarifications
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----

<global-property doc:name="Global Property" name="env" value="qa" />
<configuration-properties doc:name="Configuration properties" file="${env}.yaml" />
<http:listener-config name="HttpListenerConfiguration"
                      doc:name="HTTP Listener Configuration"
                      host="${host}"
                      port="${port}"
                      basePath="${path}" />
----

> This example uses Spring's property placeholder resolution mechanism. The variable bits are clearly visible: the *base path*, *host*, and *port* can vary for each environment where this connector gets deployed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses Spring's property placeholder resolution mechanism. The variable bits: the *base path*, *host*, and *port* are clearly visible and can vary for each environment where this connector gets deployed in.
```

> When deploying your application, the `env` property can be dynamically replaced by the particular environment you're deploying to, such as `qa` or `prod`, causing Mule to load a different `.yaml` file with properties specific to the configured environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying your application, you can dynamically replace the `env` property with the particular environment to which you're deploying, such as `qa` or `prod`. This causes the Mule application to load a different `.yaml` file with properties specific to the configured environment.
```

. Set an environment variable to point to a specific development environment during application deployment.

Consider externalizing other aspects of your configuration, like time-out values, polling frequencies, and so on, even if these configurations don't vary between environments. This configuration facilitates tuning and experimenting because the Mule application becomes fully configurable through a single properties file.

link:./_attachments/multiple-envs-example.jar[Download Example Studio Application]

== Considerations when Using Environment Properties

> Consider the following when you configure environment properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following guidelines when you configure environment properties:
```
